Requirement to ensure all functional changes are reflected in the API (#80)
AdobeDocs/commerce-contributor: src/pages/guides/code-contributions/definition-of-done.md

To meet the DoD, all changes to Adobe Commerce projects should be covered by automated tests.

- Functionality exposed in the storefront must be covered with functional and GraphQL tests
- Functionality exposed in the admin panel must be covered with api-functional tests
- Changes affecting code API must be covered by integration tests

> Unit test coverage is generally not recommended and should be applied only for testing parts of code containing complex calculations in isolation.

Reviewer: It is well covered in the https://github.com/AdobeDocs/commerce-contributor/blob/21ca8122d40165d28d51097c57a80ee1beb88108/src/pages/guides/code-contributions/automated-tests.md#unit-tests
this statement is excessive

The details on TCO analysis required to meet the DoD can be found in [Total cost of ownership analysis](total-cost-of-ownership-analysis.md).

The work cannot be considered as complete unless all the criteria are verified.

## API Coverage

In order to ensure the changes are reflected in the API:

- Changes of functionality must be covered by api-functional tests

> - API coverage must be added if the functionality that is changed or introduced is not covered by API

Reviewer: What criteria should prompt the introduction of a new API? Creating a new API is a complex and time-consuming process. This statement requires clarification or modification
```suggestion
- If the functionality is changed and not covered by the existing API, API coverage should be added.
- API coverage must be added for all new functionalities
```
